my sweetheart
today is celebrated my divorce is
almost perfect
Now we are going to be together forever
could be here thanks to repayment is now
superfluous everything will remain soon
My family wants my lawyer right away
call how far is where was that yet
telephone in the bedroom my little one
pick-me-up my sweetheart
today is celebrated
A divorce is as good as perfect
We are now far simplistic forever in
How could I there is the one
He is now superfluous to repay it
stay with him and soon everything in the family
I'll go back to the flowers now
water stand my little make yes
what are you doing here
and what do you do with your bride?
I can only release her bride
quiet kicker and why were the
water church wally my everything
yes, you are one and all
yes, that 's what they allow themselves
Because that's my one and all
she is what she called her, too
sometimes pick-me-up and wanted her off
and also a sweet little bag
yes, that utah after the talk you
for out of it but is in love
they could be on top of you
no, I do not do anything good either
make it get you the one you want
most of that is me
i could tell you the stuff
I know everyone
I have an idea I have here
a pistol
Do not get scared of them
Most loves I shoot to be allowed their
We both fall down and on the
she first crashes popular at her
Most agree
the two have come down
pure darling our love stands
nothing in the way